Bot.java
 Bot
 Bot$States
services/audio/TrackScheduler.java
 services.audio.TrackScheduler
services/audio/Sound.java
 services.audio.Sound
 services.audio.Sound$1
services/commands/CommandsService.java
 services.commands.CommandsService
services/joke/JokeService.java
 services.joke.JokeService
 services.joke.JokeService$1
services/reactionHandelingService/ReactionHandelingService.java
 services.reactionHandelingService.ReactionHandelingService
services/roll/RollService.java
 services.roll.RollService
 services.roll.RollService$MassageNotFoundException
 services.roll.RollService$WrongNumberOfRollsException
dataObjects/AuthorisationPair.java
 dataObjects.AuthorisationPair
services/Observer.java
 services.Observer
services/authorisation/AuthorisationService.java
 services.authorisation.AuthorisationService
 services.authorisation.AuthorisationService$1
services/greeting/GreetingsStorageService.java
 services.greeting.GreetingsStorageService
 services.greeting.GreetingsStorageService$1
dataObjects/Greeting.java
 dataObjects.Greeting
services/plotting/PlottingService.java
 services.plotting.PlottingService
 services.plotting.PlottingService$PythonError
dataObjects/Poll.java
 dataObjects.Poll
 dataObjects.Poll$Pollingtypes
dataObjects/Command.java
 dataObjects.Command
services/greeting/GreetingService.java
 services.greeting.GreetingService
services/Subject.java
 services.Subject
dataObjects/Possibility.java
 dataObjects.Possibility
services/audio/GuildMusicManager.java
 services.audio.GuildMusicManager
services/audio/AudioPlayerSendHandler.java
 services.audio.AudioPlayerSendHandler
services/commands/CommandsStorageService.java
 services.commands.CommandsStorageService
 services.commands.CommandsStorageService$1
services/quiz/QuizService.java
 services.quiz.QuizService
dataObjects/ReactionRollEvent.java
 dataObjects.ReactionRollEvent
services/poll/PollingService.java
 services.poll.PollingService
 services.poll.PollingService$WrongPollingTypException
 services.poll.PollingService$WrongValueException
